tonight is going to be fun I'm ready to
1 get my workout on apparently you burn
like a thousand calories too just to
have some fun you're probably like Sara
what are you talking about well it's the
next hour I got my my brother my friend
Chelsea we're gonna go jump jump on some
trampolines but here's the thing it's I
feel like it's just a bunch of like 12
year olds in there I think we're gonna
be like the oldest people in here here
we go trampoline park look at that it's
just all a bunch of little kids
[Music]
[Applause]
ourselves
keep doing tricks
[Music]
that was so insanely freakin fun when we
first walked in there we got really
nervous because it was all 12 year old
smelly little people and we kind of
stuck out but holy cow so glad we stayed
I finally got the front flip it took me
five or six tries you know I'm not
letting so I was like I can do a front
flip no problem but when it came to
actually doing it it was terrifying just
absolutely terrifying so yes very glad
we did that
um but one of the times I think I kind
of landed wrong um in my back my back is
a little messed up now I feel like I'm
gonna be very sore tomorrow we'll see
hopefully not but I feel like yeah I'll
I'll probably be sore I am so sore today
so sorry jumping on trampolines Wow not
just jumping on trampolines but today I
woke up and went to the dentist and so
my entire face is sore from that and
then I just went shopping with my mom
all day so I mentally drained everything
hurts
oh poor penny wants to come inside it's
cold out there isn't it come on what
what does she just want to play or am i
that scary looking right now since I'm
home in Texas for the holidays and you
guys love my mom so much
I feared why not have a Sarah and
Jeannie Q&A I took to Twitter I asked
you to ask me questions by the way if
you're not following Jeannie on Twitter
it's like a whole different side of
Twitter like things get weird guys but
things get positive and things get hip
and happening so let's get a cute a
welcome to
Jini XP qi q a christmas edition when is
genie did you going to start her vlog
we're gonna start blogging oh man was my
friend Neal's your friend we want to
build works together no all I say is
never say never
what was your favorite Christmas gift as
a kid I have mine
so I don't remember what a GI was uh
maybe I was like eight nine ten but it
was this thing this like contraption
where it started off there were like the
spinny things and so they're like
Spinney saucer ops that's a job that's
at you you crank up your sonís okay
so we have this big toys all the old
toys but basically it was these like
spinny topper things and you would crank
crank crank release it and they would be
spinning and as they're spinning you
would crank crank crank another one and
try to balance another one on top and so
you would have this like five tower of
tops that you could stack it was like
the funnest thing ever like that's how I
stayed entertained my favorite Christmas
present ever
I think I was probably eight many I got
a record player uh and it was so fun
because it was like a two-piece record
player that you it's almost like a
suitcase and had a handle on it but you
could take the top off and the speakers
were in the top favorite part of
Christmas dinner got to be the Brussels
first of all I was very passionately
dislike president no for my mom's side
is just like the
the potato casserole so basically it's
just like potatoes cheese like sour
cream sour cream hash brown stud stuff
um favorite memory of one other word I
was thinking about this the other day my
favorite memory of Sarah is when she was
like 5 years old and she decided that
should it were big girls up on e1 so she
had to go try out for the boys baseball
team she was like 5 years old and so we
get to the baseball parks and she's the
only girl there
it's like hundreds of little boys and
it's little except small boys from like
5 years olds at 12 years old and so
she's got her big club and she got her
hat on and she walks into the dugout and
this little boy turns around and goes
and sees her and goes oh mom they're
like girls play and Sarah shot him the
dirtiest look you have ever seen and she
just marched herself out there and took
position at shortstop and she was the
first kid to catch a pop fly yeah and
she called the pump flash good make the
coat she walked back to the dugout and
she gave that kid looked like he would
not believe and I was like just the
general memories of like like wherever I
had a place to go like you're always the
first person to pick up like an
elementary sale that was my big thing I
never one of my kids to see like
panicking yeah like she was always there
and she was like always the first parent
to be like a gamer's depart anywhere
like anywhere we would always like get
out of school or get out of sports ball
practice and it'd just be like there's
Cheney and where do we always go after
school almost every single day 7-eleven
to get herpes so that was the thing get
out of school hopped in the car with my
homie Hayden my carpool home we hate it
and then we go get a Slurpee and step on
Slurpees I swear I think my blood was
just like the sugary syrup of yeah
that's okay
what were your feelings when I moved to
New York City I mean again it wasn't
like it was a big surprise she loved New
York City she went
my mother raised me mom took us in
herself to New York City for Sara's
senior trip in high school and Sara fell
in love in New York and visit I first
realized that like yeah wait I'm a city
girl yeah I was like yeah I grew up in
Texas and that was like all I really
knew and I thought I was just gonna do
the suburb life for my entire life and
then I have this in here I was like how
is this a real place yeah and and so she
said on that trip we were walking on the
hot line and she said on that trip I'm
gonna move here one day and so I knew
when she moved to Nashville I kind of I
even told my dad I'm like well I'm glad
it was only natural glad she was like
not to move in New York and then I met
Sameer yep it's so good I mean she loves
it there so I'm just happy that she said
yeah thank you
what does she use opinion on the
shipping that happens in the comments of
the videos if you don't know it's
shipping me that that means oh my gosh
there's a person of the opposite sex in
a video we ship you we want you to date
that's what shipping is it's the verb of
relationship I actually think it's kind
of funny I think it's kind of an
investor you know really feels like it's
just been so funny yeah but I'm gonna
give it all the boys she hangs out with
are really cute
yeah I mean they rule and they're cute
and intelligent and they're nice yeah
yeah let's keep it clean let's keep it
clean there's a lot of trolling on our
side of things where it's almost like oh
this would be funny yeah you know like
they would probably think we're dating
if we did
so yeah it's a constant just back and
forth those having fun but it's all good
should Sarah write a book well this is a
great opportunity now announced I'm
teaming up with YouTube and lovely
people at Adobe to write my first memoir
that was a joke because everyone on
YouTube Reds book all youtubers get book
deals huh so that was a joke like a real
goal that's been a goal for a while is
I'm obsessed with coffee table books I
love them so much and I think it would
be so cool to one day make a coffee
table book just like though pictures
whether it's creative space it is you
know it's just a lot of pictures of
dough create spaces and cool people and
like big chunky quotes that would be the
book that I was right I don't think I
would do the whole like ghostwriter just
write a book for me and I'll sell it to
my people did you have an awkward
teenage phase was that for me I guess I
loved it here's my here here's how my
life went from Six Rivers terrible but
from seventh grade to ninth grade was my
it was my time
it was my prime time I was like crushing
it I like school I was cute it was it
was the time we're saying you know notes
have been happening something happens
like cream beginning to work yes for
what I would think like five different
sets of friends I had a lot of acne like
I did I did I still don't have perfect
skin but let's just get real like
awkwardness and yeah I was just figuring
out life like I had that's when I
like quitting basketball and I was
getting more into music so I was more
into the friends that I had in the music
scene like you know I was playing on the
weekends and Deep Ellum with my bands
and I was playing my church on the
weekends and I my friend group was not
at school so like I would look cute for
church but I still look at this pictures
cringed
I remember there was a phase where I
would just wear like black sweatpants
and a white v-neck you know what she
still has like I still and they're my
favorite somewhat advanced by the way
they're my middle school smoke fence I
got in sixth grade but yeah and then I
graduated high school and I slowly got
my interests together I had read it and
freckles
yes no I wasn't oh my gosh I was cute
[Applause]
but not just a freaking hot babe look at
this face
this is it more on the story of middle
school in high school and there hang in
there we're gonna sign off now
okay you really do it together okay
I'm gonna hand this off to me Shane oh
it's just gonna this is no print all
right we're gonna zoom it in here and
three stay PG okay Jim and and that's
the transition to the in screen okay
like this you gotta be like okay bye
yeah it's you being a youtuber us like
how much a lot of work and commitment
obviously stay apt okay
Wow I feel like we are driving in the
country your sister these are the
beautiful hills of Fort Worth Texas this
is where you would smoke beer genies
update we're almost there
and we're also hungry we have arrives
and Weatherford